# Default Archcraft Dark Theme

# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n
window.label.text.justify: center
menu.title.text.justify: center

# Width and height
padding.width: 10
padding.height: 5

border.width: 1
menu.border.width: 1
osd.border.width: 1

window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0

menu.separator.width: 0
menu.separator.padding.width: 0
menu.separator.padding.height: 2

# Active window
window.active.border.color: #fa3c82
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.title.separator.color: #fa3c82
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.title.bg.highlight: 0
window.active.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #0c1018

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #0c1018

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #fa3c82

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #0c1018

window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #0c1018

window.active.button.toggled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #0c1018
window.active.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #fa3c82
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #fa3c82


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.title.bg.highlight: 0
window.inactive.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #e2b8b5

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #0c1018

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #e2b8b5

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #e2b8b5

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #fa3c82

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #fa3c82

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #e2b8b5
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #e2b8b5

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #0c1018
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #0c1018


# Menu
menu.overlap.x: -5
menu.border.color: #fa3c82

menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #fa3c82
menu.title.text.color: #0c1018

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #0c1018
menu.items.text.color: #e2b8b5
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #976B68

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #fa3c82
menu.items.active.text.color: #0c1018

menu.separator.color: #0c1018


# OSD
osd.border.color: #fa3c82

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #0c1018
osd.label.text.color: #0c1018

osd.active.label.bg: flat solid
osd.active.label.bg.color: #0c1018
osd.active.label.text.color: #fa3c82

osd.inactive.label.bg: flat solid
osd.inactive.label.bg.color: #0c1018
osd.inactive.label.text.color: #e2b8b5

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #fa3c82

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #0c1018

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #0c1018
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.unpressed.text.color: #e2b8b5

osd.button.hover.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.hover.bg.color: #0c1018
osd.button.hover.*.border.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.hover.text.color: #fa3c82

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.pressed.text.color: #0c1018
osd.button.pressed.box.color: #fa3c82

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border 
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #fa3c82
osd.button.focused.text.color: #0c1018
osd.button.focused.box.color: #fa3c82
